if McCain college and yes lives or sign
this place is Otis gentlest wish go one
point six meets the second a sort of
medium ish fastest speed but these
aren't really all that interesting not
compared to Oates's mm lifts which I
made from a late nineties to the
mid-2000s which were ultra posh and
really nice I really don't get why
oh this countless aren't as good as what
I used to be anyway
first let's ride the lift in the West
Wing
Oh
this building was built in 2009 them is
a typical present-day doe design of
steel frame building very uninspiring to
look at only outside but before this
other four horse stood they used to be
an old mid Kent College this closed in
2009 after I started filming on YouTube
I never got around to filming the lifts
there
this building was so bloated must have
had some really good old lifts
why did I never get them to it arm so
crossing myself ah anyway back to the
present David can't call him out for
lifts in the central wing
the Otis gentoos here do have a slightly
nicer clearer motor sounds and some
gentes but still not as good as the Eco
disc and nowhere near as good as a nice
old lift anyway now to the lifts in East
Wing where these two lifts are not a set
there's a big lift and a normal-sized
lift first the big lift which only goes
one meter a second
you